rated T for teen
the first thing I noticed was the
controls are really tight a lot of times
people try to make fighting games and
they dress it all up have the best
characters and the controls garbage so
didn't take me long to pick up special
moves that looking through this it
reminds me a lot of street fighting I
love having all the different characters
and all their different talents that
each one has makes them unique every
fighter so it has a different fighting
styles so and you can think you're
perfected the game but you did that with
one player you switch over to another
player and it's almost a whole new game
you're playing
has the same feel of a street fighter or
a mortal kombat i would love to be able
to play those truly classic games still
but you know I've given up my systems
from land and this brings back the
memories and the fund
there's a lot of fighting games where
you'll have people keep their distance
or can slow it down but on this no
matter what's going on
I love the game actually it's great
you